---
layout: post
title:  "Money"
date:   2019-09-10 05:56:00 -0500
categories: business
---
Real talk, how do you become a person that is really, really good at making money?

It is a skill. 

I am really, really good at saving money (that is a skill too).

My aim is to be like the people that are really, really good at making money. They sell products and/or services. They create then put the sellable out into the world to rake.

#### How?
Is marketing most important?
Is consistency most important?
Is their network most important?
Confidence?
Courage?
Persistence?

Maybe it is that they do not let perfectionism bog them down. These people are executers. They execute and shift/perfect their formulas along the way to be more appealing to the market.

I want to become like these people. This goal is part of my shift from better to best. I want to become really, really good at making money.

##### They tap into emotion
The 'want' for financial freedom is very emotional. Whenever, I am purchasing an item I try to beocme in tune with my feelings. What am I feeling in this moment before, during, and after the purchase? Stay especially focused in the before stage. The before stage requires that your feelings be optimal to evoke the purchase.

Usually, I feel excited in the before stage. I have a strong sense that the purchase is going to solve a problem and be a benefit to my life.

If it is food, I won't be hungry anymore.
If it is a fan, I won't be hot anymore.
If it is a car, an apartment, a job, a artisanal doughnut - it all requires buy-in.

##### They fill a want or need
Everybody seems to want to make more money. Money is very important to modern day survival. The *how to make money online* niche is a thing.


##### Avoiding circular money
There are people that make digital products geared to teaching other people how to make digital products geared to teaching other people how to make digital products. The effect is circular. The teacher of these courses is sustaining themselves with a business that requires a funnel of others to buy-in to learn from them. If people do not buy-in, there is no self-sustaining business underneath the digital product.
